Release notes for 7.17.7 (#14623)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/releasenotes.asciidoc

* <<logstash-7-0-0-alpha1,Logstash 7.0.0-alpha1>>

[[logstash-7-17-7]]
=== Logstash 7.17.7 Release Notes

[[notable-7-17-7]]
==== Notable issues fixed

> * Makes `monitoring.cluster_uuid` a configurable variable that can pass to docker container with environment flag https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/14425[#14425]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Makes `monitoring.cluster_uuid` a configurable variable that can be passed to docker container by use of an environment flag https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/14425[#14425]
```

> * Fixes an issue of `queue.checkpoint.retry` that not respect the user config https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/14487[#14487]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes an issue that `queue.checkpoint.retry` was not respecting the user config https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/14487[#14487]
```
